Al: Hello, farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season.
Al: My name is Al.
Kevin: My name is Kevin.
Al: And we're here today to talk about cottage score games.
Kevin: Ooh.
Al: I was gonna call myself Sleepy Al again, and then I realised I made that joke last episode, so I'm just always sleepy now.
Kevin: Did you? I don't even, I don't even remember, so you're fine.
Kevin: And I think I was there.
Al: Yeah, when I posted that episode, you were like, I don't remember this episode.
Kevin: Yeah, that's true.
Kevin: I'm also sleepy, so, you know, we're a pair of EPs recording a podcast as we do.
Al: EP's.
Al: Yeah, I'm recording 2 this weekend as well.
Al: This is the problem.
Al: Like I, I, I enjoy our summer month that we do.
Al: I mean, partly because I get some time off, which is always nice, but also like I like thinking up the theme and the theme is always quite fun, but it does make the time just before I go on holiday, just a little bit more busy.
Kevin: Chaotic year.
Kevin: It happened.
Al: But we got there, we're getting there.
Al: We're nearly there, theoretically.
Al: Cody's got quite a lot more to do.
Kevin: Theoretically.
Al: All right, this episode, we are doing our discounty, the 2nd harvest, because the there was an update, and Kevin's been playing that update.
Kevin: Yeah, there's a lot.
Al: So we're gonna, we're gonna do that again.
Kevin: Yeah, more follow-up, the discounting.
Al: Uh, before that, we have a bunch of news, but 1st of all, Kevin, what have you been up to?
Kevin: Uh, it's a lot of work.
Kevin: been very busy.
Kevin: Had a work trip to California this week.
Kevin: Um, it was not terribly exciting because it was work and all work, but I did go to the in and out, uh, 1st time in my life.
Kevin: Um, uh, you were in.
Al: Is that a specifically Californian plate?
Kevin: Yeah, so, um, yeah, I, so for people, I'm originally from California, but that's been some 25 years since I've been there.
Kevin: Um, really.
Kevin: Um, but yes, In-N-Out is a famous burger chain out of Cal- based out of California.
Kevin: Um, They're known for pretty good food.
Kevin: Um, but also their menu is fairly small and cheap and affordable.
Kevin: They have that kind of a, classic American diner, sort of a, aesthetic.
Kevin: They got employees at the paper hat.
Kevin: Um, uh, but they also have the quote unquote, the secret menu, which is 100s of items, but it's, you know, it's not on the menu when you walk in, but if you know, you ask and they,
Al: Is.
Al: Is this what like the theme of like Good Burger is based on?
Kevin: Oh, it's very good burger-esque.
Kevin: Yeah, you could say that.
Kevin: It's not the only burger chain to have that kind of aesthetic, but, um, but uh, it isn't that vain.
Al: Part of the problem of, you know, growing up not in America is that obviously we see a lot of American media, right?
Al: Because there's just a lot of it.
Al: And um, we're, it's very hard to know what is real and what is not real.
Kevin: Yeah, we've been known for that.
Al: In American media, right?
Kevin: Hmm, usually you can air on the side of, it's probably more real than you think.
Al: But the problem is some of it just seems so ridiculous.
Al: Like, why would that be real?
Al: But...
Kevin: Well, well, welcome to America.
Kevin: Um, when you came to the states, you went to Cali, right?
Al: Yeah, I didn't go to In-N-Out, though.
Kevin: Did you, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm surprised they didn't take you.
Al: I, I, that wasn't, that, that wasn't even brought up as an, as an option.
Kevin: Well, they're not very good hosts.
Al: Well, look, look, look.
Kevin: Shame on them.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Vincent was taking me places with good food and certain other people who should remain nameless were taking me to places with bland food.
Kevin: Well, look, sometimes there's there's a place to meet in the middle.
Kevin: America, you got to experience about both ends, okay?
Kevin: Like, yes, we got the nice, the, you went to the Korean barbeque in some nice places, but you also got to try the, you've got to try the waffle house.
Al: Yes, the Korean barbeque was nice.
Al: I did, I did eat some random food from a gas station.
Kevin: Okay, yeah, that's that's, that's, that's in the same category.
Al: That was all me.
Kevin: So, you know.
Kevin: Well, good on you.
Al: That was, I'll tell you, I'll tell you why that happened.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So I was walking down the road, uh, you know, classic European walking, um, go, you know, going to meet up with people, but it was like, it was roughly about an hour for me to walk from my hotel to the hotel that other people were staying in.
Al: But the half of that time was just standing waiting for me to be able to cross roads.
Kevin: As is America, yeah, mhm.
Al: There's just so many roads.
Kevin: Yep, that's also America.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Anyway, so I was walking and I spy in the distance.
Al: Ooh, there's a McDonald's.
Al: Maybe I'll go get a McDonald's breakfast, see what McDonald's breakfast like in America.
Al: But here's the problem.
Al: It was drive-through only.
Kevin: Oh, what?
Al: I didn't realise this was a thing.
Kevin: Okay, so it's pretty rare.
Kevin: I'll say that, earlier, in my experience.
Kevin: It's not that common.
Kevin: There are some restaurants that do that.
Al: I mean, LA is going to be the place where it happens, right?
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: I was about to say, if you're smack dab in the middle of a very urban area, yeah, that's more likely, but, um,
Al: I was I was, I was so, I was gobsmacked.
Al: I was standing at this going, I can't get into this.
Al: I can't buy food from this place.
Al: What is that?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It's like, what am I going to have to like book an Uber?
Al: All right.
Al: So I was like, oh, well, okay, I guess I need to think up something else.
Al: And then I saw a gas station just down the road and I was like, oh, they have food, right?
Al: And so I went in and found these.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Question mark.
Al: I don't know.
Kevin: Yes.
Al: I can't remember what it was called.
Kevin: Oh, see, this is important because gas stations.
Al: They might have been Taquitos.
Kevin: There's a spectrum.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: Maybe.
Al: It was like a little, it was certainly like a small tortilla wrapped thing.
Kevin: Yeah, all right.
Kevin: Yeah, that sounds like the Quitos.
Kevin: And you were in LA, so very likely.
Al: And that...
Al: Yeah, and that name was in my brain.
Al: So I Googled it to check that it was what I was thinking it was.
Al: So I think it might have been that, and it was fine.
Al: It was exactly what you'd expect from food from a gas station, right?
Al: Like, I mean, I was going in with the expectation that I was about to eat a McDonald's breakfast.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: So, you know, quality here is, you know, we're not expecting much.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, on par.
Kevin: There you go.
Kevin: Um, yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: So yeah, no, no, I mean, gas stations do vary in quality, the type of food.
Kevin: Um, some are are genuine mistakes, but some are acceptable enough.
Kevin: I will have lunch at a quick trip.
Kevin: Um, uh, they'll like, they'll make you a fresh sub.
Kevin: Um, taquitos.
Kevin: Ah, that's probably an all right.
Kevin: That was probably an all right choice.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Do you know, I, here, you mentioned subs.
Al: You know, it took me a long time to realise that Subway is not the only place that subs exist.
Al: Because they're just not really a thing here.
Kevin: Yeah, I... Sure.
Al: Subway was was the entirety of subs for most of, you know, until I was like significantly into my adulthood.
Kevin: Yeah, I know, I think it's.
Kevin: Sorry, that, that, I mean, that's a shame, but I get it.
Kevin: Um, Because yeah, Subway is like bottom tier of subs, to be very frank.
Al: I mean, we get we get others, like, obviously we, you know, we, you can, we, we do baguettes and stuff like that, but like the, the, like, the, like soft kind of elongated roll, if you will, like that, it's not really something.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah sure, sure, sure.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: I mean, you know you can.
Al: There are other subshops you can get here, but like that it was basic, it was Subway.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: There wasn't.
Kevin: Yeah, sure.
Kevin: No, I guess that that makes sense.
Kevin: It's a, is like a, I don't know, not an expert food historian, but I, as I understand, it came from the New York-ish area.
Al: Oh, that's New York, right?
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: Yeah, but with all the immigrants and stuff, like it was kind of an adaptation, as I understand it.
Kevin: Especially like the Italian Americans.
Kevin: Um, spilling stuff up.
Kevin: But anyways, um,
Kevin: Yeah, no, that, well, I hope you enjoy better subs if you ever make it back out to the states in a couple of administrations assuming the country still stands.
Al: Maybe one day.
Kevin: Um...
Al: Oh, this sub does actually stand for submarine.
Al: Why submarine?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: I think it's just the shape.
Al: Is that the shape of a submarine?
Kevin: Yeah, long oval.
Al: If you squint.
Kevin: Yeah, if you squint, yeah.
Kevin: Um, but yeah, so, uh, back to In-N-Out.
Kevin: And it was all right.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, I think there I've had better burgers.
Kevin: The burger was okay, but the value was there.
Kevin: Um, it was jam-packed.
Kevin: We got the World Cup going on, so, and I was near the airport in Los Angeles.
Kevin: So lots of people, lots of tourists, uh, jam packed in and out.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, I get to give it a thumbs up.
Kevin: It was all right.
Kevin: Good.
Kevin: Um, lived up to the to the hype.
Kevin: Yeah, so that's in and out.
Kevin: Um, so aside from that.
Kevin: Um, not uh, not a lot of other food stuff because things are ridiculously expensive because hotels and stuff.
Kevin: Um, uh, and it was just, like I said, work trip, I wasn't cruising around, sadly, I was working in the hotel even when I wasn't on site.
Kevin: Um, But what I did get, though, was uh, since there were 2 long flights, I got some airplane movies in.
Kevin: Um, so let's uh, let's go down this list.
Al: Yes.
Al: Go on.
Kevin: I got 4.
Kevin: Uh, God was able to knock out 2 on each uh, each trip uh to and from trip.
Kevin: Uh, 1st off, boat by Sony animation.
Al: Oh yeah, I haven't actually seen that.
Al: I have heard good things.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: It was, yeah, it was enjoyable.
Kevin: It was Zootopia basketball, I guess. That's the way to describe it.
Al: I mean, it's sounding sounding good still.
Kevin: Utopia, but basketball.
Kevin: Yeah, no.
Kevin: Um, it was enjoyable.
Kevin: It was, uh, yeah, because it's all animals, but they're very animalistic.
Kevin: Um, it's, uh, the voice performances were good.
Kevin: Animation is the same, you know, the spider versus animation crew.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: So of course that's quality.
Kevin: Um
Al: They've got they've got it down.
Al: They've got their animation down.
Kevin: Yep, they got it down.
Kevin: It was thumbs up.
Kevin: Patton Oswald was in it and had a great scene in it.
Kevin: Um, And uh, I was surprised because they had some basketball people in the movie doing voices that they were actually pretty good performances, all things considered.
Kevin: So yeah, thumbs up for that.
Kevin: One thing I like, the, they call it Roarball.
Kevin: That's the game.
Kevin: It's basketball, but animals.
Kevin: The one thing, uh, they actually take advantage, like Zootopia, they have the different biomes, right?
Kevin: There's the ice town, the the, the heat town, the the jungle town.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: They actually make use of the biomes.
Kevin: So there's like a cave stadium.
Kevin: Well, stalactites are falling all over the place and the ice stadium.
Al: Nice.
Kevin: The ice will break apart and stuff.
Kevin: Um, so that was cool to see.
Kevin: Um, so yeah, a thumbs up, a goat from Sony animation.
Kevin: I recommend.
Kevin: Uh, next up, the running man 2025. For 6, whatever, whatever, the one that just came out.
Al: Ah.
Kevin: Um,
Al: Good, I enjoyed that film.
Kevin: Yeah, I also enjoyed it.
Al: Would have been better had they actually done the 911 at the end, just same.
Kevin: Um, I mean,
Kevin: Yeah, I would have been, right?
Al: Because that's, well, that's that's how the book ends.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm sure it does.
Kevin: Um, and Yeah, they wimped out because they tried to, but they, you know, it was, it was right there.
Al: But they they wimped out on the film.
Kevin: I can see I can see exactly where they could have done it.
Kevin: Um, That's a shame.
Kevin: But yeah, no, it was enjoyable.
Kevin: Um, I don't have much to say, like, it was just solid and enjoyable.
Kevin: did what it came to do.
Kevin: Um, let's see, what else?
Kevin: The return trip, I watched sinners.
Kevin: Uh, the vampire one with Michael B. Jordan playing. Michael B. Jordan and himself.
Al: Hmm.
Al: Michael B. Jordan and Michael B. Jordan.
Kevin: Um, yeah, I mean, I obviously,
Al: Yeah.
Al: I mean, this this might be a hot take, Kevin.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: This might be a hot take, but I think that film is good.
Kevin: What?
Kevin: I also thought the film was good.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Radical.
Kevin: Yeah, mind book.
Al: It's one of those, it's one of those films where you're like, I'm a little bit worried going into it because people have hyped it up so much, is it actually going to live up to the hype, but I thought it did.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it was it was solid.
Kevin: Um, yeah, I don't have much else to add.
Kevin: Like the, the, the Oscars, the Academy Awards, whatever, they've already said their piece, so...
Kevin: Yeah, it was good, good stuff.
Al: I particularly enjoy the music scene, the, the, the big, um,
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: Yeah, that was so well done, right?
Al: The moving between different generations of musicians past and future I thought was was so...
Kevin: When they...
Kevin: And, and they actually implement the music into it.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: That was that was phenomenal.
Kevin: Absolutely.
Kevin: Um, yeah, no good stuff.
Kevin: Um, and then lastly, uh, Murder on the Orient Express, the recent one, Riccule Pierrot.
Kevin: Oh, wow.
Kevin: Um, have you seen that one?
Kevin: Do you know what I'm talking about now?
Al: I know what you're talking about, but no, I haven't seen it.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Yeah, was it Agatha Christie?
Al: Is that from 2017?
Kevin: that the author?
Al: Yeah, I.
Kevin: Is that?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, I guess so, because there's been like 2 sequels since then.
Al: Is that from 2017?
Kevin: Yeah, that sounds correct.
Kevin: Um, it, it's,
Al: It's one, the problem is, it's one of those stories that there's so many different adaptations in, not just in film, right?
Al: Like it's, it's just, it's a very adapted story.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, what else to say, right?
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: So, uh, I, wait, who, who was even the actor?
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: Um, uh, uh, who played Hercule?
Kevin: I don't even know.
Kevin: Um, well, Archaeopolo did a, did a fantastic job in the, uh, uh, in the movie.
Kevin: Um, Oh yeah, it was solid.
Al: Kenneth Branagh.
Kevin: What can I say?
Kevin: I will say like, yeah, that's like, yeah, that's the guy.
Al: I don't, I don't know who he is, but Kenneth Brown, I was.
Kevin: I don't either, but he did a good job.
Al: Oh, I recognise his fate.
Kevin: I do because he was in the movie I just watched.
Al: Well, yes, obviously, but no, I recognise his face.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: No, I know, I know, I'm just kidding.
Al: What have I, what have I seen?
Kevin: Uh, he's uh, been in a handful of things it looks like I don't know which one you've.
Al: I'm looking, I'm looking.
Kevin: But, um, yeah, I mean, it's a solid mystery, you know, murder mystery.
Kevin: Um, I will say the bar is kind of high now because of the knives out films.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, and I know this came way before that, so it's kind of unfair, but I was just thinking, I wish I could have seen the uh, the 3rd Knives Out movie instead, which I hadn't seen.
Al: I think that I think the thing is you've got to think of them as being different things, right?
Al: Like, yes, knives out is a mystery, but it's not trying to be a traditional mystery, right?
Kevin: They are.
Al: It's trying to be something more than that.
Al: It's, yeah, it's different.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And I think it's important to maybe not let it ruin other murder mysteries because that's a whole thing in and of itself.
Kevin: You're right.
Kevin: Um, yeah, I mean, the knives out.
Kevin: Like, unintentional or or it gets not heavy handed, but they're almost comedy as much as mysteries and uh, and so, you know, that you're right.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: That's, that's, that's a bit unfair.
Al: They're also trying to, the later, the 2nd 2 certainly are trying to like say something rather than just be a mystery, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah.
Kevin: I mean, really, 1st night is out, right?
Kevin: Like they, they give you the answer 20 minutes into the movie.
Kevin: So, what do you do from there?
Kevin: It's very interesting.
Kevin: And so, yeah, I know you're right.
Kevin: I mean, knives outstands on stuff like murder on oriented stress, right?
Kevin: Um, but I will say it's my 1st time watching murder, any adaptation of of a murder on the Orient Express, so it was fun to see.
Kevin: Um, fun, fun group of characters and actors that they have there too.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Al: Uh, I found out what is.
Al: I've seen them and it's a film series that has been ruined by its author.
Kevin: Yeah, that's what I thought.
Kevin: I was I didn't bring it up.
Kevin: I saw the name, and I thought, yeah, that's probably that one.
Kevin: Um,
Al: Ah, dear.
Kevin: His moustache is great.
Kevin: They did a great job with this ridiculous moustache.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, anyway, so yeah.
Al: All right.
Kevin: Uh, that's, that's what I've been up to, just, just busy with that.
Al: Nice.
Kevin: I haven't even played Pocopia.
Kevin: Can you believe that?
Kevin: That sounds insanely busy.
Kevin: I been with work.
Kevin: You haven't even touched the Pocopia update yet.
Al: Shocking.
Kevin: I did play discounty, which we'll talk about.
Kevin: But, um, what about you, Al?
Kevin: What going on?
Al: Well, I'm continuing to play bistro.
Al: Talked about that last episode, but that is continuing to go and I continue to have thoughts and feelings about it.
Al: I look forward to talking about it at some point in the future.
Al: But I also this week started and finished Kabuto Park, which may or may not be for something that we'll talk about in the future.
Kevin: Ah, I.
Al: Who knows?
Al: We'll see.
Al: I don't know.
Kevin: We.
Al: Do you know?
Al: Who knows?
Kevin: Who knows?
Al: I will say...
Kevin: It's weird that...
Kevin: I was just going to say it's weird that Pokemon isn't, you know, pushing their spinoff game, but okay.
Al: I will say one thing about Caputo Park.
Al: I think it is as if someone you described Pokemon to someone in this wee.
Kevin: Yeah?
Al: It's kind of like a bug catching game where you go around and you catch bugs and then you make them fight each other.
Al: It's kind of like if that description was then turned into a game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: That's where Caputo Park is.
Kevin: Well, you know what the crazy part is that let's not forget.
Kevin: That's where Pokemon actually started.
Al: Well, exactly.
Al: Exactly.
Al: Um, so, it's interesting.
Al: And I may or may not.
Al: Have thoughts about it in the future.
Al: Who knows?
Al: I don't know, couldn't possibly say.
Kevin: Couldn't possibly say.
Al: It may or may not be talking about that tomorrow.
Kevin: Only there was a platform.
Kevin: Only there's a platform for these thoughts.
Kevin: They follow me.
Al: Yeah, so that's about it.
Al: I haven't.
Al: I also haven't played the Pocopia event yet, but hopefully soon.
Al: However, yesterday, Craig did pick Pocopia back up again and to quote him, I'm now really enjoying this game. Maybe because he got rock smash and started terraforming.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, there you go.
Kevin: That'll do it.
Al: But yeah.
Kevin: I, uh, Yeah, that's good for him, buddy.
Kevin: enjoys it now.
Kevin: Yeah, that reminds me.
Al: Yeah, we'll see we'll see how far he goes.
Kevin: don't.
Al: I don't know.
Al: At this point, he's not really doing the story.
Al: He's just kind of going around and building stuff, but...
Kevin: And levelling the earth.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, that sounds like Craig, yeah.
Al: Well, he's not, he's not really, he's not
Kevin: good stuff.
Al: he's not really like levelling at all and building stuff.
Al: He's trying, he seems like, I'm trying not to, you know, influence him too much, but he seems to be building round everything like he will, like he's rebuilding bridges and stuff like that.
Al: I think he's probably wanting to roughly stay with how the world is and build his stuff around that.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: So it'll be interesting to see.
Kevin: So colouring in the lines.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: Yeah, I think.
Al: We'll see how that continues.
Al: And that's what we've been up to.
Kevin: Uh.
Kevin: Good stuff.
Kevin: Woo!
Al: Let's talk about some news.
Al: First up, Harvest Moon, Echos of Taradia.
Al: We have a trailer.
Al: So we actually finally have some some information about this game because previously it was just like, here's a game that we're making that we're releasing this year.
Al: Uh, I mean, graphics wise, it basically just looks like the last 3 games, um, which is fine.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like, I don't hate it, and it's one of these things where I think it's, it feels very similar to me, like, like talking about Pokemon graphics, where it's like, you could absolutely complain that this doesn't look realistic.
Al: Sure, fine, but I don't think that's what people are looking for.
Al: And you could probably complain that the grass doesn't look good.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, sure, fine.
Al: Interesting thing about this trailer is that there's the different areas look like dramatically different.
Al: They look like they're different games.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, they do.
Kevin: I mean, that that tropical beach.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, those tornadoes look pretty cool.
Al: The grass looks particularly bad in that area, but...
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Uh, you're.
Kevin: It does, it looks like a texture.
Kevin: Um,
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Um, It's, it's almost like they weren't finished with that area, but they were like, we need it in the trailer because we need to give the, we need to let them know there's a tropical area.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Um, So yeah, um, let's see.
Al: I've got a bunch of a bunch of stuff.
Al: So they seem to have the different seasonal villages, which they had in, what was it, one world, where you would like, you would move around the different areas to plant different crops.
Kevin: Yeah, it sounds about right, yeah.
Al: Um, What else?
Al: Oh yeah, wild animals can attack you.
Kevin: That's interesting.
Al: Yeah, previously they've just existed and the most you could do is like pet them and they might get friendly, but that's all.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Whereas this one they can attack you.
Al: Okay, less cosy than cosy.
Kevin: Well, they got to spice it up somehow, I guess.
Kevin: I don't know.
Al: They're continuing to have Dog Junior, who's, you know, making lots of lots of stuff.
Al: So hopefully we've got some new, uh, fun inventions to use.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: And there's a lot of animals in this, um, which, you know, harder smoke, sure.
Al: Yeah, they showed our climbing, so we've never had climbing in this game before in Harvey...
Al: But the shortest claiming are...
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, I wonder, yeah, I don't know.
Kevin: It's hard to say because, like, it's a trailer showing a lot, but it's a lot of harvest Moon, you know?
Al: Yeah, yeah, a lot of it is like, hey, here's this game that looks like the previous game and the previous game.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: They have tornadoes.
Kevin: That's kind of cool.
Al: The mining looks almost identical to Home Sweet Home.
Al: Uh,
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: There's a few colourful towns.
Kevin: I went down with little trumpets.
Al: I just, I've, like, I'm gonna,
Al: I mean, obviously I'm going to play this game.
Al: Um, I, I really hope, it's hard to know at this point, but I really hope this takes more from Home Sweet Home.
Al: Um, but we'll have to.
Kevin: Yeah, it's a little, little hard to tell right now.
Kevin: It's very, uh, not generic, but like there's, I don't know, it's hard to gather anything like super special from the, uh, from the trailer.
Kevin: There's no stinger, right?
Kevin: There's no like wow moment or look at that.
Kevin: It's like, yeah, it looks.
Al: I don't think so.
Al: We'll just have to see.
Kevin: Let's see.
Kevin: It looks, it looks like a harvest moon game.
Kevin: I'll say that.
Al: Yeah, I think if you're if you're like looking for something dramatically different, probably not getting it here.
Kevin: Yeah, sadly, I'm not seeing it.
Kevin: Nope.
Al: But will it be fun?
Al: That's the question.
Kevin: No, that's the $1000000 question and you definitely can't tell from here.
Al: Because I found I found one world kind of fun.
Al: I found
Al: Oh, what was the one after world, one world?
Al: Oh, goodness me, there's too many of them now.
Kevin: Rides, winds of anthos.
Al: Yes, I didn't enjoy Wenzavanthos at all.
Al: And then Home Sweet Home, I did enjoy and was the 1st one I'd completed since One World, which I mean, that's only one.
Al: That's one game.
Al: I'm just saying there's one game that I didn't finish there.
Al: Having said that, one world, I really only finished because I was like, I need to know how this story finishes.
Al: It wasn't like I was actually super enjoying the game, if I remember correctly.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Um, so... Uh, yeah, I guess we'll, we'll see.
Kevin: Uh.
Al: It's still coming out in the end of September, the 24th of September, or it looks here like it's coming out on the 25th of September. If I look at the pre-order, it says 25th for here.
Al: Yeah, super fun.
Kevin: Harvest Moon, is this, it continues, it persists.
Al: It does, and we will talk about it.
Al: Will it be game of the year?
Al: Probably not.
Kevin: Probably not.
Kevin: Let's be real.
Al: Um, of course, my real question is, we've got a new harvest moon.
Al: Where's my story of seasons?
Al: Come on.
Kevin: Yeah, that's the, that's it.
Al: 30th anniversary.
Al: Give me my story of seasons, please.
Al: Apparently, Marvellous said in a call this week that they have some anniversary stuff to talk about, which they were mentioning like events and stuff like that.
Al: They didn't mention a game, but I don't think they would mention a game because they wanted to be a surprise.
Al: So.
Kevin: Yeah, they're going to look, they're going to shadow drop it on November 19th.
Kevin: They're gonna, they're going to do it.
Kevin: They going to have the Fitzpah.
Al: Is that the anniversary?
Kevin: No, that's the day GTA comes out.
Al: Oh, of course, Gigi.
Al: That would be very funny, but I feel like you got in not shadow drop it for that day.
Al: Also, that's not the day that is coming.
Al: GTA is coming out.
Kevin: No, I thought it was.
Al: I'm standing by it.
Kevin: Oh, oh, oh, okay.
Al: not coming out this year.
Kevin: You're, you're a believe.
Kevin: They're saying it.
Kevin: Sony said it.
Kevin: We'll see. Yeah.
Al: Yeah, they can say it all they want.
Al: That doesn't mean it's going to happen.
Kevin: Oh, I mean.
Al: Still don't think it's happening.
Al: That's all I'm saying.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: You might be right.
Kevin: It's it's June.
Kevin: They still have time to delay.
Kevin: You're right.
Al: Exactly, exactly.
Al: Look, we've had we've had games that have been up for pre-ordered delay before.
Al: Animal Crossing.
Al: That delayed by 6 months after you could pre-odrite.
Kevin: Oh, good.
Al: All right, we will keep you up to date with Harvest Moon, and I should probably order the physical so I can sell it.
Al: Next up, we have Kinseed.
Al: They have announced 2 things.
Al: First up, they've got a tavern update, which is out now, and that, can you guess where that includes Kevin?
Kevin: Uh, does it include a place where you can gather and have a drink perhaps?
Al: It includes a tavern.
Kevin: Wow.
Al: This has been one of the most requested editions from the community, apparently.
Al: So we're more excited than that time, Herbert Lemon got a new woolly cloak.
Al: I think that might be a joke from the game.
Al: I don't know.
Kevin: I probably... I haven't either.
Al: I haven't played it.
Kevin: Uh, yeah.
Al: But they've also announced that their game is coming to consoles on the 4th of August.
Kevin: Good for them.
Kevin: I'll be honest.
Al: That's.
Kevin: I didn't remember this game, but looking at the video, there's there's stuff going on, actually.
Kevin: I like their monster dessert.
Al: Uh, Yeah, I, what do you think about the graphics?
Al: What's your opinion?
Al: Because I know sometimes we're very similar in graphics and sometimes we're very different on graphics.
Kevin: Yeah, um, It's okay.
Kevin: It's a little, there's a few spots where it's rough around the edges.
Kevin: Like, I don't think it's bad.
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: There's parts that look really good, like I said, just said, the monster designs, I think, look good.
Kevin: Um, so the animation looks good.
Kevin: But like, I look at some of the, like, echo human designs.
Kevin: I'm like, yeah, I'm not feeling it.
Al: I hate the human designs.
Al: I hate the people.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm not feeling it.
Al: I mean, just in general, but no, I just, the, the, the, the sprites for the humans just look really weird.
Al: I don't like them.
Kevin: Yeah, it's, it's almost like.
Al: I think it's partly that they're all, they all seem to be facing the camera most of the time that's putting me off.
Al: Like, I don't want to see both sides of your face at the same time.
Kevin: Sure. Sure, there's, yeah, there's, I don't, I don't even know like for, this is a very weird way to describe it, but they almost have Muppet like designs, but which doesn't fit the aesthetic exactly.
Kevin: Um,
Al: Yeah, no, I get your point.
Al: It's like proportion.
Kevin: Yeah, something about that.
Kevin: some of them got those really big noses.
Kevin: Um, which I don't know.
Kevin: Um, it just doesn't fit the tone, but, uh, yeah, so like, yeah, no, that's definitely a rough spot there.
Kevin: But, um, there's a lot going on.
Kevin: I mean, I forgot about this game, but I'm interested.
Kevin: I come into consoles.
Kevin: Will that get me to buy it?
Kevin: Hey, maybe.
Al: Mm-hmm. Um, I have not played it.
Al: I'm not really playing to.
Al: It is 75% off.
Al: That's a thing.
Kevin: Cool.
Al: But yeah, so coming to Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox one, Xbox, series, Xbox, series, S on the 4th of August.
Al: Next up, Bitter Harvest, have released a new update, the one.
Al: 4 update this brings animals, you can now raise chickens, ducks, cows, goats, and they work exactly how you'd expect.
Kevin: Yeah, animals.
Al: They've also added 4 new crops, beets, potato, kale, and tomato.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Kevin, this game feels like it's an early access.
Kevin: Little bit, I was about to say, little bit, right?
Kevin: Like, animals seem a little important when you're farming, just, just saying, and then these crops.
Kevin: Um, yeah, no, that that's.
Al: Potato, why is potato being added in an update?
Al: I don't, I don't understand.
Kevin: Yeah, I don't either.
Kevin: That's that's very strange.
Kevin: How did you launch a farming game without cows?
Kevin: How?
Kevin: Um, and chickens.
Al: I'm very confused.
Kevin: Right, like, okay, you know what?
Kevin: goat's fine.
Kevin: Goats maybe.
Kevin: That's a later one, but cow and chickens kind of kind of important.
Kevin: Um, Man, I always get a whiplash from this game, because when I think of bitter harvest, I think of that, uh, that, that cover art, you know, that image with, uh, that's kind of, kind of, suspicious feeling, um, and then you get the, the actual game art, very, very different.
Al: Yep.
Kevin: Um, But, uh, yeah, one.
Kevin: 4.
Kevin: Um, I get, do we wait for 2.0?
Kevin: Is that the actual one.
Al: I feel like at this point you're probably waiting for 4.0, but we'll see.
Al: We'll see.
Al: They've also added more farm space, sprinklers, watering can upgrades, and stamina upgrades through cooking.
Kevin: That's all, that's a lot of stuff that should have been.
Al: This is why this is the thing.
Al: Like I think if this was early access, it would feel more excusable that that stuff wasn't there.
Al: Um, hard to know what to do, but there we go.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: There's no way.
Al: Speaking of updates.
Al: I was going to be mean and say updates that should have been there from the beginning.
Al: Actually, I disagree.
Al: I think this is an update that should never have happened.
Kevin: I also think this.
Al: Outbound of added fishing for some reason.
Kevin: Yeah, I.
Al: I don't understand because like I was, I mean, okay, sure.
Al: We're moving around a world in a camper van and we're gathering things to survive.
Al: Sure, fine.
Al: Do fishing if you want.
Al: I just, I was never,
Al: felt like it was missing.
Al: Like there were things I don't like about that game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: There are things I always improve.
Al: None of that would be I want fish.
Kevin: Here is my issue.
Kevin: Um, I think, because like I look at the fishing, the mechanics, animation, looks pretty robust, all things considered.
Kevin: Um, My issue is this is outbound.
Kevin: This is the RV, you know, camp, whatever you want to call it, game, right?
Kevin: I feel like everything should be revolving around that.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: So if you're going to fish, why am I not fishing off the vehicle?
Al: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: You're going to separate buildings.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, I'm guessing that like that, I don't know whether it's, I don't know whether there's only one specific spot you can fish in or whether it's like that's where you can buy the fishing rods and start fishing, which feels a bit like that feels weird.
Kevin: There's a few spots.
Kevin: Yeah, it's like a fishing hut.
Al: If you're going out to camp and you're going to live off the land, take a fishing rod with you.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Don't wait to see if you can buy one somewhere.
Al: What are you doing?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Why is there not a dog off my trailer RV thing?
Kevin: That's the whole point.
Kevin: But the fish look nice.
Kevin: You can build aquariums in your trailer thing.
Al: Yeah, so here's a question.
Al: Is it is it just, yeah, okay, yeah, I'm reading it.
Al: So it's not, you're not actually fishing to eat them.
Al: You're only fishing to have the fish.
Al: Please note we decided fish will not serve as a source of nutrition.
Al: Instead, they are intended as collectable and decorative elements for your homes.
Al: I get what they're doing, they're trying to be like, oh, we can, we're still a vegan game if you want.
Al: We're also like, is fishing for captivity better?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Um...
Al: Like if, like, seriously, like if you, if you disagree with any animal consumption, full stop, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: Which I personally do not, but I am not going to say that someone is wrong for believing that.
Al: If that is what your opinion is, I don't see how hooking a fish on a hook and then throwing it into a fish tank is somehow better.
Al: Like that surely is just as cruel.
Kevin: Yeah, it does uh.
Kevin: Yeah, it's not our, it doesn't sit, it does not seem to fit in the theme of the, the, harmony with nature, right?
Kevin: Um, that outbound kind of bushes.
Kevin: I agree.
Kevin: It feels kind of strange.
Kevin: Um, if it went somewhere else.
Kevin: I don't know, a fish rescue centre.
Kevin: I don't know what, something like that maybe, but.
Al: I'm not sure how why you would be rescuing them by fishing them up though.
Kevin: I don't know research.
Al: This is the thing like the fishing is the problem.
Al: surely with fishing.
Al: Like, I've always, I mean, this is just, okay, no, I'm not going to say that.
Al: I'm going to leave.
Kevin: I'll say this, fish are delicious.
Kevin: I like fish tea.
Kevin: I'm just saying.
Kevin: I also like fish.
Kevin: You know, I have some goldfish.
Kevin: That's fine, but, um, it's not the same as fishing it out of the lake, ever, and putting it in a small little tank in your RV.
Kevin: Um,
Al: Yeah, I just, I, it's, it seems, it seems like a weird decision to be like, oh, we don't want you to eat the fish, but we do want...
Kevin: What?
Al: Anyway, if you really want fishing, there you go, you got your fishing and your camper van.
Kevin: There.
Kevin: Except not fish.
Al: Next up, Sunhaven have released a 3.one update, and this is a quality of life improvements update.
Al: They have added repairable items.
Kevin: That's good.
Al: They have added a pop-up when you gain a new recipe.
Kevin: That's also good.
Al: They've also added credits to the game.
Kevin: That's really good.
Kevin: That's so good.
Kevin: It should have been there from the start.
Al: It sounds like they actually, it sounded like, actually, I'm not sure if the credits existed in the game at all, because the 1st one has added the credits button to the main menu.
Kevin: That feels very...
Al: And then there's added team credits and added community credits.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: So that does make it sound like there were no credits full stop.
Kevin: I will be, to give the generous interpretation, there have been more people who have helped out, so they're adding credits to the credits.
Kevin: But I agree with you.
Kevin: It does sound like there were no credits to begin with, which is not good.
Al: Do you know, do you know?
Al: Well, so here's my here's my take on credits in games.
Al: I find it a little bit weird.
Al: Now, I understand that credits are in games because it's kind, they're kind of treated like film TV, stuff like that.
Al: And those have credits.
Kevin: Mhm.
Al: But, and this is not, this is not me saying that people should not be credited for the work, right?
Al: Let me get that out there.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: As okay.
Kevin: Yes.
Al: I'm trying to be very careful with my wording here.
Al: I, I,
Kevin: Yeah, I could tell because yeah, you're dancing here.
Al: There's, I'm all about the solidarity and the unions and the working people.
Al: I just want to make it clear.
Al: This is specific to credits.
Al: I find credits weird because there are very few jobs in the world where you're working on something means your name gets splattered on the end of it.
Al: Film, TV games.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: That's basically it, right?
Al: Can you, can you imagine if every website you went to had a list of every single person that had worked on that?
Kevin: I guess so, eh, that would be.
Kevin: Um.
Al: That, that, like, just coming from my point of view of my work, like I make websites.
Al: I would find it really weird if that was a thing that happened.
Al: And obviously games tend to have credits because they're treated more like film and TV than they are treated like websites and software and stuff like that.
Al: And you know, I do get that sometimes software does also have like a credits page, but it tends to be much more limited, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like big pieces of software don't tend to because like a little indie thing will generally have the credits of the people who've worked on it because they want to put their name on it, but like big things don't tend to and they have many, many, many more people that work on a project.
Al: I'm not, I don't think I'm saying that I don't think credits should exist.
Kevin: Right.
Al: I just find it as a concept really weird because it's really unique to one specific area of life and nobody else in their jobs gets credits.
Al: And I know the argument here is like, oh, right, fine.
Al: Well, then you should work for other jobs to give credits rather than removing credits from the jobs they give them.
Al: But I don't know if I'd want my name on all the websites that I make.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: Because a lot of them are making substandard stuff.
Al: And that's not because I want to.
Al: It's not because that's what I'm trying to do.
Al: It's because like people do that.
Al: People make you make things that are bad, right?
Al: And that is also the case with games and TV and film.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And I bet there are people who are like, oh, my name has to be on this.
Al: Like, 0 my word, I can't believe my name has to be forever tied to this piece of media that's dreadful.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, there are some people use.
Kevin: People hide their names even or use a, you know, uh, pseudonym for the credits.
Kevin: It happens, yeah.
Al: Oh, interesting.
Al: Is that that's a thing that happened?
Kevin: Yeah, that's absolutely the thing that happens.
Kevin: Um, I know it's, it's prominent in movies.
Kevin: Um, I don't know how much that happens in in game credits, but that is a thing that happens.
Al: Interesting
Kevin: People will use pseudonyms.
Al: But then, then what are we doing?
Al: Why, what are we doing?
Al: If if some people are not even in the credits, why are we putting pretend names in the credits, they're not you're not giving credit then.
Kevin: Yeah, well, I mean, that's at that point, that's that person's choice, how they want to be credited, right?
Kevin: Um.
Al: I don't know.
Al: I just like, I'm not saying we should not do this.
Al: I'm not saying that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well.
Al: I don't want people to come at me and say, I can't believe you're saying that people shouldn't get credit for what they make.
Al: I'm not saying that.
Al: I'm saying I find credit's weird, just as a concept.
Al: Weird.
Kevin: Yeah, well, I think, how should I put this?
Kevin: okay.
Kevin: There's 2 ways in my in my head, um, to think about it.
Kevin: Um, one is the, the, the more fancy, like, uh, as, as an artist, right?
Kevin: I make a drawing.
Kevin: I sign it or, you know, I want people to know I made this.
Kevin: Like, I think that's very clear why I would want that, right?
Kevin: Just for ownership's sake, nothing else, right?
Kevin: Um, and I think a lot of it does stem from that.
Kevin: Um, You know, these these fields are talking about movies, games, books, shows, whatever.
Kevin: Um, all basically artistic mediums and stuff like that.
Kevin: And there's, you know, to different extents, different parts of it.
Al: Yes.
Kevin: Um, so I do think people who work on it want to at least be acknowledged they were involved on a project.
Kevin: Um, I think that's understandable and fair.
Kevin: Um, I think there's all.
Al: There are many other artistic mediums that don't get credited, right?
Al: Like, I don't even need to get into the argument of software, right?
Al: Like I do think that building software is art, but like, say, for example, like Lego models.
Kevin: Sure.
Kevin: No, I agree.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: People who design the Lego models, they don't get credited.
Al: That's 100% R.
Kevin: Yeah, no.
Kevin: Yeah, oh, I agree.
Al: You know there's so many things like that.
Al: And again, yeah, yeah, I know the argument is, oh, well maybe they should fight to get it.
Al: I get that.
Al: I totally get that just as a concept that we shouldn't take away people's rights and we should fight for us to get the rights instead.
Al: I totally get that.
Al: But I just find credit as a general idea really weird.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: Like to me, to me, the reason I work and maybe this is different.
Al: Maybe this is different for different people.
Al: To me, the reason I work is because I have to work and I have to get paid.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And the credit for doing my job is I get the money.
Al: And I go thank you for the money.
Al: And then I'm done.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I find it weird when people are like, I mean, this is probably the, you know, the Scottish person in me.
Al: I don't like when people say you did a good job because that makes me feel weird and like people are like, oh, well, I want to be told that I feel I've been good at my job and I'm like, but you get the money.
Al: The money is the thank you for doing the job.
Al: I don't need thanks for doing my job.
Al: I want the money.
Al: Let's not pretend I'm here because I want to be.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: I'm here because of the money.
Kevin: No, I, I, look, I, I agree, and there are, I would say, even say the majority of jobs are probably like that, or, you know, um, but, again, I think these is much more, well, traditionally artistic leaning jobs.
Kevin: Um, I think people might feel a little more strongly about it.
Kevin: Um, If I were working on a game, I would want to get my name plastered somewhere.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: But like, that's somewhat personal too.
Kevin: Um, I'm just saying that seems to be the trend though.
Kevin: Um, but I, I,
Al: Would you want your name put on the stuff that you make in your job just now?
Kevin: Uh, I, honestly, when I save my uh, files at work, uh, I, I will and put my initials, part, uh, partially for the, uh, like transparency or practicality of saying, hey, who made this, go to him with their questions?
Kevin: Um, Also, yes, I'm signing my name.
Kevin: I'm putting my initials.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Mm.
Kevin: But that's a little more complex because, uh, how should I put this, my work is not end facing, let's say, or or outward facing.
Al: Sure.
Kevin: It's more internal.
Kevin: Um, but so that, that's just a tiny thing for me.
Al: Sure, but like the end facing stuff couldn't happen without your work.
Kevin: Yeah, true.
Kevin: And to be fair, you know what?
Kevin: I would.
Kevin: I there are 100s of air conditioning systems out in the United States that I designed.
Kevin: And yes, my name should be on there.
Al: Yeah, and.
Al: And if we and if we take films as an example, there are people credits on there that their job was incredibly vital for it to happen, but it's also not facing.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: You know, like you see, like assistant to so-and-so gets credited.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, I agree.
Kevin: I agree.
Kevin: Um, So, I mean, yeah, you're, you're, it's, it's, it's a weird thing.
Kevin: You're right.
Kevin: Well, the other part I was going to say, like, I think it's also important just for the, how should I put this, the ownership, right?
Kevin: The more practical, like, almost legal.
Kevin: to be able to say, good thing, something in a portfolio, to have credit, um, uh, to make it very clear that, yes, you did work on this project and to prove it.
Al: Yeah, I mean, in my in my industry, like, you will give examples of what you've worked on and nobody ever really questions it.
Kevin: Oh, sure.
Kevin: No, I agree.
Kevin: Uh, yeah, and same thing in my industry.
Kevin: Nobody would question it either.
Kevin: Um, but I, I, in, but look in the art world, especially with all the AI nonsense going on, like, it's, it's, it's a problem.
Kevin: Um, big comp, even before the world of AI.
Al: That's a whole other question, though.
Al: The ownership doesn't seem to matter in that situation.
Kevin: Yeah, well, I know, but.
Al: We're not, you're like, all these problems are not being solved.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, but that.
Al: Like, I think that's just an example of like, oh, it doesn't really matter what you think because eventually someone's going to go and take it from you anyway.
Kevin: Yeah, well yeah, there's that.
Kevin: But this is that's why you do the credits in a somewhat feeble attempt to circumvent that.
Kevin: It's what you can do.
Kevin: But, uh, but you're right, uh, when you're at that point, there's not much you can, dude.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Credits don't matter.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Anyway, again, just to be clear, not trying to say that workers should have any less rights, I'm not saying that the hard fought for rights, that particularly union strong jobs in artistic industries have gained.
Al: I am very pro that.
Al: I think it is amazing what they've done to get themselves the rights in so many ways.
Al: Specifically credits.
Al: I just find as a concept.
Kevin: I was removing my name from this episode in all future episodes going forward.
Al: No, so that's an interesting, that's an interesting thing because, like, obviously at the bottom of every episode in the show notes.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: It says that this podcast is created by me, which is half true.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Do you know what, like, because there's the thing, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Like at some point, I took people's names off things that they were no longer working on.
Al: That doesn't mean that they didn't create it.
Al: help create it.
Kevin: Yeah, originally, yeah, but yeah, yeah.
Al: But like people can't have ownership over something forever, especially if they no longer want to be part.
Kevin: Yep, and yeah, they're not contributing or or we actually want to be part of it.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right.
Kevin: Um, yeah, I don't follow you for that.
Al: I mean, there's a whole other that's a whole other conversation, right?
Al: Because like when we're talking about games or film or TV, they're generally, I mean, games are a little bit more complicated, but generally you make a thing and then you release a thing.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And then if someone stops working on things, then they're not going to be working on the next one.
Al: More complicated when games are really long drawn out processes, but you generally wouldn't, like, someone is still, I guess the thing is that, like, this is an episodic thing.
Al: So someone being involved in the 1st episode of something does not give them the right to have,
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: No, I'm going too deep into this.
Al: I'm gonna cut that bit.
Kevin: That's fair.
Al: It's too inside baseball.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Credits, weird, I find, not saying they shouldn't exist.
Al: I just find it interesting.
Al: Moving on.
Kevin: And they're in Sunhaven.
Al: Hotel Galactic have released their 1st update since the, um, they were taken over.
Al: Presumably that happened a long time ago because they announced that they'd taken over the game a week ago and now we've got what looks like quite a big update.
Al: So I'm guessing it's been a while, but this is the 0.67 update.
Kevin: Who's? Which?
Kevin: Which team is credited for this update?
Al: Oh boy, that brings up whole other things, right?
Al: The whole other questions, which I don't want to get into.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So with a 0.6.7 update which has the name digging deeper, they have added mines.
Al: Well, it's called the Undergrounds, but it's it's mines.
Kevin: Wow.
Kevin: Shocker shocker.
Al: They've also added a fast travel system with teleports.
Kevin: That, that's a good one.
Al: Tell or portals.
Al: They keep changing their mind on what it's called.
Kevin: That's uh, that's a that's a handy dandy feature.
Kevin: There, I, maybe I just need to play the game.
Kevin: I thought I was running a hotel.
Al: Yeah.
Al: And so you got portals in your hotel name.
Kevin: To the mind?
Al: Some of the suggest, well, the mines...
Al: Yeah.
Al: If you ever found yourself thinking, I don't have enough stone while crafting furniture in Hotel Galactic, you can now safely tuck this memory away.
Al: With this update, your hotel will start growing downward, and you'll not only be able to explore the undergrounds, but also mine several different resources, yes, including stone, within these halls, construct rooms, decorate, and enjoy the new layers of planning you can achieve with this edition.
Al: Can I put guests in the basement?
Kevin: Can I put them to work in the mine?
Al: And then the fast travel system, some of the suggestions and feedback were received on a rather regular basis dealt with the slight inconvenience of the in game island being rather spacious, and that it takes quite a time, quite a while for your workers to go from one side of the island to another, and we hear you.
Al: It does take a bit for them to do that.
Al: And I can only imagine they keep, they keep, the changing between we and I.
Al: That's messing me up.
Al: I can only imagine the tiredness after a day spent walking like that.
Al: To remedy that issue and make sure that your workers can move around the island much faster.
Al: We're introducing teleport system that will greatly improve both your experience as a player and your workers' lives. In essence, the teleport system will allow your workers to teleport from one point.
Al: Why are they over explaining what teleporting is?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah they kind of are.
Al: From one place on the map to another, pretty simple and effective.
Al: And yes, you'll be able to place these teleports as you like with very minor exceptions.
Al: What's more, these teleports are not just for your workers, guests can use them as well.
Al: Let them jump in and instantly be whisked away to another place, letting them quickly reach many of the amenities you have prepared for them in your venue.
Al: Oh, boy.
Al: Uh, sure, sounds good.
Al: I feel like these posts could be better words.
Kevin: A lot of words to say we have teleport, hotel portals.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: A quick jump.
Al: And they are adding some more guest related stuff, story related stuff, uh, some new rooms, uh, and a new decoration system, et cetera.
Kevin: Cinema.
Al: Why are all my workers a specific race?
Al: Is this a, um...
Al: Have we created apartheid here?
Al: Have you noticed this?
Kevin: Maybe.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: They're all a very specific type of creature that your workers?
Al: I don't like this.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: There's the working class.
Kevin: What do you what do you want?
Al: Uh, not sleeves?
Al: That's what I would like.
Al: Sorry, is that is that too much to ask?
Al: To not have racism in my game.
Kevin: Maybe.
Kevin: What what if they were meant to be?
Al: All right, J.K. Rowling.
Al: All right.
Al: Two more pieces of news before the the new game.
Al: First up, GoGoTown have announced that their early access saves will not be compatible with one.
Al: 0.
Kevin: That's not good.
Al: I don't like this.
Al: I know that there is an argument for this and like, oh, blah, blah, like keeping all of the like old saves working forever throughout early access into one.
Al: can be a lot of work and they want a fresh start for one.
Al: Oh.
Al: I get that.
Al: But this is a problem that will continue forever.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And I don't I don't think that anyone would accept it.
Al: Any other point except this, and it always rubs me the wrong way when this happens because you're the one that's changing how the save works.
Al: You know how the data has changed.
Al: You can fix it.
Al: It's just data.
Al: Right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like, so, this again goes back to me being a software developer.
Al: When we have databases and we change how the database works.
Al: You don't just go to customers and go, sorry, your date is gone.
Al: You have to start again.
Al: That's not how it works.
Al: You update, you have scripts that fix these things so that everyone's data still works.
Al: And if you don't, you get sued.
Al: Like, this is a thing that happens.
Al: And and they have to do it as well.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: They have been doing it up to this and they will be doing it after it.
Al: What they say is this is a one time thing.
Al: Okay, well if it's a one time thing, you didn't need to do it this time.
Kevin: Yeah, but that's work.
Al: Yeah, I get, I absolutely get that.
Al: You're making the game, right?
Al: Like I just, I, I, it annoys me because it's like it's not a unique thing, right?
Al: Going, oh, our save format has changed.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I get that.
Al: That's annoying.
Al: That's what happens when you add features into a game and I get that it's annoying.
Al: But this is a thing you will have been dealing with and will be dealing with.
Al: For some reason, when you come out of early access, it is socially acceptable to go, ah, bye-bye to your save files.
Al: There's one specific thing.
Kevin: Yeah, it's not great.
Al: Never, at any other point, do people accept this, but for some reason, when you come, the people who have played the game through its development, have funded the game through its final development, they are the ones that suddenly get their saves destroyed.
Kevin: Yeah, that's the kicker, especially if you pay for an early access, like, I almost feel there's legal shenanigans you could get into.
Al: Yeah, it's, it's one thing, it's, It is one thing if it's a demo, right?
Al: Like I'm, I, I love when a game has a demo and then that safe file continues on to the game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I think that is great.
Al: I think that is good.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: That is pro-consumer.
Al: But I get that that is not something that is required.
Al: It's a demo, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Al: Fine, I get that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: But when I'm playing a game, I bought a game, I'm playing a game and now I'm just updating the game to the next version, I should be able to continue what I had.
Al: And I get that sometimes it will be like, oh, well, the game will be better if you start a new safe.
Al: Sure, fine, but let me choose to do that.
Al: They say this is not the ideal outcome that we wanted.
Al: However, one.
Al: has so much packed into it and you will enjoy it.
Al: I like how you're telling me how to feel.
Al: I will and you will enjoy it.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: You will enjoy it.
Al: They also say, do we do promise this is a one off.
Al: One.
Al: saves are sacred.
Al: not going anywhere.
Al: Okay.
Al: Sure.
Al: I was annoyed when Carl Island did this.
Al: I'm annoyed when you do it.
Al: I think it is bad.
Al: I don't think you should do it.
Al: I think you when you sell a game, you should be promising that that save will continue because that is, in my opinion, part of the contract.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Every, I mean, if, like I said, money is exchanged, yes, that's, uh,
Kevin: That's your product, right?
Kevin: Like, yeah, that's no bueno.
Kevin: Um.
Al: The one positive they're doing, and I don't think this is a full positive, but at least it is something, is that they've said that they're going to create a version of the game, which will be the last early access version of the game, which will play your existing saves.
Al: So if you want to continue playing, but not get one.
Al: 0 then you can do that, which I guess is something.
Al: But this all, it's just, it's all icky.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I don't like it.
Al: All right.
Al: Basically, they say, uh, I'll just, I'll, the reasoning is that, uh, do making sure this saves work will mean that they can't do other things instead.
Al: That's their argument, which I think is a stupid argument because it would just take longer, right?
Kevin: Dance.
Kevin: Not great.
Al: They say we work to preserve saves and bring them forward, however, we found that the time spent doing this meant that one.
Al: would not be as good of a game.
Al: After much thought, we agreed that what we wanted from one.0 was to give you more features, more ways to play and more content, and to address as much of your feedback as you could.
Al: You could say that, but anything.
Al: You could say that about accessibility.
Al: You could say that about graphics.
Al: You could say that about anything, but you don't think that any of them are acceptful to get rid of.
Al: I don't like it.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: I don't need.
Al: All right.
Al: On our final piece of news, except the new games is uh, ConcernDape is still making hunted chocolatier.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: That's it.
Al: That's the news.
Kevin: What?
Al: He has released a new blog post that says still here.
Kevin: Shocker.
Al: Still grinding.
Al: Yep, I'm still working on the game.
Al: Feels kind of dumb posting the same thing over and over, but that's the reality.
Al: I know it's taking a long time.
Al: A big part of that is I'm being very thoughtful about every aspect of the game.
Al: The things in the game which the player will be interacting with are using very often need to be perfect.
Al: They need to be seamless, clear, intuitive, satisfacting.
Al: Satisfying aesthetic.
Al: It then goes into like talk about specifically what it is.
Al: Like I, I, I don't think anyone's really arguing with you men.
Al: to make the game.
Al: I get that people, people are probably complaining, right?
Al: Because they're like, oh, where's the blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Al: But I bet he's not really reading that, right?
Al: Like he doesn't he doesn't strike me as someone who's like obsessing over people complaining online about the game taking a while.
Al: He's probably doing this to himself.
Kevin: No, he,
Kevin: Yes, he's as big as, like, like, a critic and obsession, like, it's, this is, um, absolutely, uh, the definition of perfect is the enemy of good.
Kevin: Um.
Al: That's a, I guess that's hard for us to say because we don't know what state the game is in.
Al: Like, I, I, I know that you, you joke about the game never coming out, but I don't think it will end up being in that unless he like prematurely dies.
Kevin: Well, okay.
Al: Like, I think he has a specific thing he wants to hit and he's going to hit it and it might take years, but I think he's going to get there, right?
Kevin: No.
Al: Because he has released.
Al: Six updates to Stardew.
Kevin: Yeah, like that, that, that's the thing, like, he knows how to release a game, like, I, I, I, I genuinely think like, yeah, he's like, like you said, we said, he's, he's the reason he's, he's, he is holding himself up, like, the game could have been out, but I don't think it's meeting his quote unquote standards.
Kevin: It's not perfect.
Kevin: Um, which is probably higher than anyone else's, to be very frank.
Kevin: And yes, it will...
Al: Well, the ironic thing is the longer he takes, the higher the expectations are, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it's it's uh, yeah, it's uh, nasty.
Kevin: Uh, cycle.
Al: Like, I think it's the same about GTA 6, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like GTA 6 will probably be a good game, but I don't think it will live up to anyone's standard.
Kevin: Yeah, and uh, yeah, so that's why like, he really should just release it.
Kevin: And, and here's the thing about, like, concerned, we know him.
Kevin: He's gonna keep updating it for Infinity after it releases.
Kevin: So like release, you know, a ver- like, even if it weren't perfect.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Like, I think you could still make a very good game that would sell well and people would enjoy, and then he could patch it up later, but he's, he can't do that.
Kevin: It's not perfect.
Kevin: Like, that's, that's what I'm feeling, that he just, uh,
Al: Yeah, I guess I just, like, I get what you're saying.
Al: I just want to push back a little bit on that just in general because like we you don't know.
Al: Like, is it, is it that it's not perfect and he wants to make it perfect or is it just that he keeps one?
Al: Is it the silk song of it all, where it's like adding more and adding more because you want to add more?
Al: And that's its own problem.
Kevin: Yeah, well, that's the same vein, like.
Kevin: There's a point he could the, he could just say, okay, I'm going to release push button here to release right here, right?
Al: Sure.
Al: Sure, but, but, but equally.
Kevin: Like that, that's the point, whether he's whether he's polishing stuff or any more content.
Kevin: It's the point is.
Al: Equally, equally, Kevin, we cannot really compare the release timeline of this to Starji Valley, because Starji Valley, that's all he was doing for years.
Al: And so we don't know how much time he spent.
Al: I know at this point he says he's working 5 days on can haunted chocolateer and 2 on Stardew, which, by the way, insane.
Al: Please stop doing that.
Al: Well, before that, when he told us that, we didn't, we don't know how much across, you know, the one.
Kevin: Yes.
Al: 5 update, the one.
Al: 6 update.
Al: We don't know how much of his time was spent on Stardew instead of haunted chocolatier.
Al: And this is not to say that like, how dare he?
Al: It's more just like, I find it hard to judge when we don't have the full picture.
Al: And he's never going to give us the full picture.
Al: And when the game comes out, we'll be like, this is amazing.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: I love this game.
Al: But we wouldn't know which bits wouldn't have been there had he released it.
Al: And I suspect, right?
Al: Like, so if we, I've talked to before about how Tears of the Kingdom, Zelda Tears of the Kingdom, feels makes Breath of the Wild feel like an incomplete game, even though Breath of the Wild felt like an amazing game at the time.
Al: And I think the same thing would happen with haunted chocolatier.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: If we get a version,
Al: I don't think you would be able to look at it and go, oh, the game would have been fine without that.
Al: Because yes, the game probably would have been fine without that.
Al: But having got it now.
Al: You can't really do that.
Kevin: Look at Stardew.
Kevin: Do you ever feel any point Stardew felt lacking?
Al: No, exactly.
Al: That's exactly my, it's the same thing.
Al: Yeah, I've talked about this before.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well, exactly.
Al: Like Stardew is the epitome of updates for games.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like there was a point.
Al: There was a point where Stardew feels like a full game and then everything else is additional to that.
Al: I do think there's, there's only, well, there's one thing that I think that if you didn't have in Stardew, it would, it wouldn't feel lesser in that Ginger Island, but that's a whole other conversation.
Kevin: Yeah, exactly.
Al: I just, like, it's a hard one to judge, just because we don't know what the game is like and we don't know how what specific things he's doing.
Kevin: Well, yes, right.
Kevin: I'm.
Al: And I, I, I, and also like I have played so many games where like his point is the UI and the experience needs to feel great and I agree with that.
Al: I 100% agree with that. Because there's times where I played games where I've like, this would be a good game if it was actually fun to play.
Kevin: Yes.
Al: You know?
Kevin: Yeah, I look, I agree, right?
Kevin: And you're right, we never know, right?
Kevin: He could be fighting, you know, game crashing, severe bugs left and right.
Al: I highly doubt it that.
Kevin: Who knows?
Kevin: Uh, I I highly, but that's the thing.
Kevin: Based off what we do have, right?
Kevin: We know he we see his track record.
Kevin: We know what he can do, what he's put out.
Kevin: Like, he's a very competent developer.
Kevin: Like, I think he could put out a more than serviceable game comparable to Stardew one.0.
Kevin: I'm sure he could have already done that with the chocolatier.
Al: Right, well, no, so I think the... I think the problem, I think the problem is you're ignoring what he's saying, and what he's saying is the core gameplay loop of making chocolate doesn't feel right.
Kevin: But he's also...
Al: That's not something, that's not something you can change after release.
Kevin: Well, here's well.
Kevin: Yeah, no, you're right, but here's the thing.
Kevin: Or here's my thing.
Kevin: Like, what he feels that it doesn't feel right to him, like, just knowing his how obsessed he is with perfecting stuff.
Kevin: Like, I think it might actually be okay where it is.
Kevin: Like if he...
Al: I don't know.
Al: Like, so, like, like, let's compare this to State Life.
Kevin: Well, again, we don't know.
Al: Here's here's a good example to compare it to.
Al: Let's talk about like driving games.
Al: If you if you have a driving game that's just not right.
Al: It feels really wrong.
Al: It changes it from this is a good game with a few flaws to
Al: I hate this because nothing feels right.
Al: You know, like, like when, so I have an estate, this is going to sound like an insane comparison, but please stick with me.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: So I wear glasses, but I have an astigmatism.
Al: I'm not short or long sighted, specifically astigmatism.
Al: And for those who don't know what that means, that instead of my lens, the lens in my eye being the wrong shape, either too concave or too convex, instead the actual eyeball itself is a different shape.
Al: It's not the right, it's not the right shape.
Al: And so it, it, it changes everything rather than just short or long.
Al: I'm sure some people know exactly what I'm talking about, but just just so we're all on the same page.
Al: See, when you change your prescription for an astigmatism, it changes how you view the entire world and like lines don't feel straight anymore because you've been used to how they were, right?
Al: It's not just that things are in focus now because your brain is really good at changing it and getting used to how things look.
Al: I didn't know I needed glasses the 1st time because anything looked fuzzy.
Al: It didn't.
Al: My brain was adapting for it.
Al: I knew I needed glasses because I had a sore head and I went for an eye test and it turned out I needed glasses.
Al: And so when I got new prescription in January and I spent a week going, the entire world feels wrong.
Al: I hated everything.
Al: I was angry at everything.
Al: I did not want these glasses because everything felt wrong.
Al: And I think he's talking about something like that, that like there's something that he needs to change and he's not figured it out yet.
Al: He will, but he's not figured it out yet and it just doesn't feel right.
Al: I think that's what he's talking about.
Kevin: Well, we'll see.
Kevin: like you said, that we don't know, right?
Kevin: We're both spec like speculating and coming at it from different angles.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: You might be right.
Kevin: That might be the case.
Kevin: Maybe it doesn't, it actually just doesn't feel right.
Kevin: Like, I'm over here just sitting thinking.
Kevin: It probably does, and he's just obsessed about making it or what's right for him, like, is more than good enough for other people.
Al: Possibly.
Kevin: Like, I think his standard is too high, but that's just, again, just kind of spitballing, looking from what I see here, but we don't know.
Kevin: Anyways, this game.
Al: Yeah, I mean, I'm not even I'm not even going to judge him for having 2 high standards because, like, I like the high standards, right?
Kevin: Yeah, that's the thing, right?
Al: Like, I like what he releases.
Al: So, there are plenty of games.
Al: I'm fine.
Al: I can keep waiting.
Kevin: Whose fantasy draft was that are that on?
Kevin: I can't remember.
Al: It was Cody's.
Kevin: Is it yours or Cody's?
Al: It was Cody's. Because they're insane because for some reason they thought it was coming out this year.
Kevin: Well, then he can keep delaying it.
Kevin: They can, and you know what?
Al: I don't know why they thought that.
Kevin: It's okay.
Kevin: Delayed another year.
Al: Speaking of the draft, I did see that on the Star Sand Island Discord that they are expecting one.0 to come out round about August.
Al: So I'm getting those points.
Al: I'm getting those points.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: All right.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: Final piece of news is a new game, and this is Petunia's Purgatory.
Al: This is a Rusty's like, just to get all your expectations in check there.
Al: Petunia's purgatory is a creepy, cute idol farming game that lives at the bottom of your screen, grow cursed crops, feed the elder god and keep Petunia Seine while her hallucinations invade your desktop.
Al: This feels too much for a rusty.
Kevin: See, this is this is the paradox for me of rusty likes. Like, with any game, the more stuff you add, the quote unquote better, it is or click be, right?
Kevin: Um, You're trying to add more content, you're trying to make it different, doing stuff, um, But in a rusty like where it's taken over, you know, it's over stuff, like it's, it becomes a problem when it's too much, and it's just fracking, and that I just want the full screen of the game, that's the whole thing.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I mean, even looking at the screen.
Kevin: It's like talking about at least a 3rd of the computer screen.
Kevin: Um,
Al: Well, and then and then things pop up.
Al: This is this is why I think it's too much.
Al: is things pop up then above the game itself.
Al: Like it'll just be like, oh, this is a thing that's happening now and you're like, ah, meant to be working.
Kevin: The the track...
Kevin: The crack in the sky, no good, no good.
Al: Yeah, yeah, I'm not a fan of that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Um.
Kevin: And the worst part is, like, it looks great, and I say worse because, I mean, you know, the stuff they're doing is fun, and they're going for the, uh, the Claudage Gore, the creepy cute stuff.
Kevin: Um, but I just wanted to be a standalone game.
Kevin: That's all I want.
Kevin: Like, let me focus on that.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Like...
Al: Yeah, like, well, that's the thing.
Al: If this was just a game, I'm I'm in on this, but I don't want this as a rusty light.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: No, because then what's what's the point?
Kevin: I don't want this over anything.
Kevin: I just want this, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: You you get...
Al: I think the beauty of Rusty, Rusty's retirement was how simple it was.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: Well, Petunia's purgatory.
Kevin: You're doing too good of a job for your lane.
Kevin: This is a standalone, like, separate window and will be good.
Kevin: I love the art.
Al: That is releasing on the 16th of July.
Kevin: That's soon, too late for them to do the standalone window.
Al: I mean, it's basically out.
Kevin: Yeah, basically.
Al: All right, let's talk about discounty.
Al: This is our 2nd harvest of discounty.
Al: Kevin.
Kevin: Yes. I mean, it's weird because it's, it's not a replay.
Al: It's all on you.
Kevin: It's, it's, I'm finishing, right?
Al: Yeah, I guess that's different because like normally when we have a 2nd harvest is like other people playing it and they want to talk about it.
Kevin: Like, um,
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: But like, though, I mean, you know, maybe, maybe consider this more like the Stardew update episodes or something like that if you want.
Kevin: It's fine, whatever.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Whatever you want to call it, whatever.
Al: It doesn't have to be an official 2nd harvest, but it is.
Al: Go, talk about the game.
Kevin: I'm talking about discounty.
Kevin: Okay, so, um, before I actually, so, let's rewind a bit.
Kevin: Um, for recap for people.
Kevin: This county, you, you're a person who moves into a town with your aunt, and she forced you to work in her little discount convenience store called this county.
Kevin: Um, and yeah, and so you just start running it for her basically.
Kevin: Um, so last time I talked about, I didn't even reach the ending, as I recall, I was right before the ending.
Kevin: So let's talk about that.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, as you play the game, you're expanding the town.
Kevin: Um, or not the town exceeding, the story.
Kevin: expanding the store, you're meeting the residents of the town, and you're interacting with them.
Kevin: It's a very small town.
Kevin: Um, Blumpest, I think it is.
Kevin: Anyways, uh, so, uh, part of a big part of the plot line is there's a lot of environmental issues popping up in the town.
Kevin: Uh, there's this weird pink fog, the, uh, water nearby is turning green.
Kevin: Uh,
Al: We're going to go full spoilers, by the way, listeners.
Kevin: Oh yeah, yeah.
Al: So if you want to play this game and don't want to get spoilers there, just drop off now.
Al: They're going to be everywhere.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, and and so there's another handful of different environmental problems and part of the the plot is figuring out what on earth is going on, right?
Kevin: Um, and uh, and and really the plot kind of follows uh, a lot of the other businesses in town, like you're interacting with them.
Kevin: You're doing trade deals with them.
Kevin: Um, you, you have, uh, you know, there's a farmer, a fisherman, and a woman to his, uh, running like a, uh, fish stick factory, basically, she processes the fish. Um, no, a handful of business people.
Kevin: And then there's also a woman by the name of Tammy who runs a plastic factory out in the woods.
Kevin: Um, uh, anyways, so you go through all that, you're expanding the town, you, you start butting heads with different people because some people want to keep the town small and keep its identity.
Kevin: Um, and then like I said, there's all these environmental issues going on.
Kevin: Um, so as you progress, eventually you figure out, um, uh, I actually like the ending in one way because it, uh, it does a little subversion of expectations.
Kevin: The the plastic factory owner.
Kevin: Her name is Tammy.
Kevin: She's a very outspoken, aggressive, temperamental woman.
Kevin: She's very like business first, just money hungry.
Kevin: Um, so of course, a lot of uh, expectations or people suspecting it's her fault.
Kevin: All this environmental issues are going on, right?
Kevin: And then it turns out that's not the case.
Kevin: It's actually the other small business owners, um, who are having the bad.
Kevin: Uh, business practises and polluting and stuff like that.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: So the game kind of ends in this critical moment where there's almost a trial or whatnot, where you have to accuse someone of, uh, who's responsible for all these, uh, environmental issues.
Kevin: Um, and so you either accuse Tammy, the the, the businesswoman or the other small business owners.
Kevin: Um, and, and like I, I think it's kind of fun because it's a little inversion where the, the JoJo Mart owner is actually the innocent person this time.
Kevin: Meanwhile, Pierre is actually causing the uh, environmental issues.
Kevin: Um, and so, you know.
Al: I mean, I would see Pierre doing that, to be honest, you know.
Kevin: Yeah, I could do.
Kevin: Um, but you know what I mean.
Kevin: Um, uh, anyway, so that, that's, that's kind of the, the, uh, climax of the story and the game pretty much ends right there where you, there's a little fallout after.
Kevin: Um, where you, you know, you basically to have some damage or you damage the relationship with whoever you accuse.
Kevin: The truth eventually does come out either way.
Kevin: Um, regardless of your choice.
Kevin: Um, and and the game kind of ends there.
Kevin: And that was kind of the one of the disappointments of the game, the ending kind of just felt very short because you just, okay, everything's out and that's it.
Kevin: We just keep going.
Kevin: Um, But yeah, a little bit anticlimatic, right?
Al: almost anticlimactic.
Al: Hey, you solved the game.
Al: Congratulations.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It'd be like, it'd be like if we were talking about knives out earlier, but like if knives out ended with, it was Steve done.
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: Like, no, we want the explanation.
Al: Tell us how.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, exactly, right?
Kevin: Um, so yeah, so that's the biggest problem with this county, that it just kind of ends on like, okay, that's it.
Kevin: Mystery style.
Kevin: Everyone literally just go home.
Kevin: Um, they added a few updates at the little minor, um, plot line that also was going on.
Kevin: Oh, oh, you know, let me say that.
Kevin: One of the other things is that there was a lot of what feels like wasted potential because the map in discount is fairly sizeable, but a lot of it didn't get used.
Kevin: There's a lot of rundown buildings.
Kevin: There's a whole forest and you don't do much with any of them.
Kevin: Like, you'd expect you're gonna, you know, restore the town and build it up.
Kevin: Um, that's kind of what you'd expect from most cottage core games.
Kevin: But you don't.
Kevin: They're just kind of there, just, just, and they're discussed in the game, several of these buildings and locations, but you don't do anything with them.
Kevin: It just felt like cut content or something.
Kevin: Um, so yeah, kind of a weird feeling where the game just kind of ends right there and still so much that looks like was going to be in the game.
Kevin: And well, that's fast forward to now.
Kevin: Chapter 4, people are profit, finally fills in all of these gaps.
Kevin: Um, so, what's weird about chapter 4, it makes sense, in my opinion, only if you played the the ending a while ago because it literally starts with everyone just having a complete change of heart.
Kevin: Um, your aunt who is so keen on expanding the business, decides she's going to retire and hands over the store to you.
Kevin: So now you're in control of the store.
Kevin: Um, the business owners who are causing the, the environmental issues have decided to, uh, ask for forgiveness and now have banded to create together to create kind of like a, uh, almost like a co-op sort of thing where they're going to, uh, work on the town.
Kevin: Um, uh, and then Tammy is now approaching you about expanding your business and, you know, being very uh, profit 1st sort of situation.
Kevin: So, uh, that's kind of the premise for chapter 4.
Kevin: As the name says, people are profit.
Kevin: It's a very, it's very interesting because in the base game.
Kevin: There was little to no actual choices.
Kevin: Like, there were a few dialogue options, but no meaningful choices, except for the end kind of end, even that, no matter what you picked, the, like I said, someone would pop out and actually say the real cause of the issues.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, it's, so it's kind of weird that they now have a choice system where they very clearly mark, hey, do you want to go down the route of developing the town, you know, and supporting the small businesses, or do you want to focus on your own store and and building up profits?
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: So yeah, and it's kind of disappointing too, because I thought the inversion of, you know, making, again, Miami, the Jojo Mart owner into actually, uh, not a nice character, but you know, she didn't do anything wrong.
Kevin: Um, and now she is just turning into this.
Al: Well, not that.
Al: Not that bit.
Kevin: Well, no, yeah, not that big, right?
Kevin: for the, Big bro, for the problem, for the problem of the game, let's say that, but sure.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: But now she's just going all in on being profit first.
Kevin: So, um, or you can do the other route where you support the business owners. And obviously, and that's what I'm picking because, yeah, I don't know, just to try it, but it's clearly, it said that there's, oh, I guess I should say, I've not hit credits and I'll explain why in a bit, but, um, uh, there are 3 endings, basically, from this, uh, this update.
Al: Mhm.
Kevin: Um, and it's very clear from what I've seen and what I've read.
Kevin: Uh, one of them is going to be the Tammy route, one is the the business owner route, and one is uh, kind of a mixed uh, neutral ending.
Kevin: Um, and so, yeah, it's, I don't know, like, I maybe have to see what the endings look like, but it is kind of, just weird how they shifted from going from the kind of inverted story ending to just what you'd expect.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: But, uh, yeah, I, I, I can't fully comment on it because I don't hit it, but, uh, feels kind of weird just to set it up like that.
Kevin: Um, anyways, so that, that's, uh, that's kind of the general premise of the, of the, uh, the chapter 4.
Kevin: But there's a lot of other stuff going on mechanically and whatnot.
Kevin: They're adding a lot more items.
Kevin: You get the self-checkout.
Kevin: You can start doing online orders.
Kevin: Um, but all of that.
Kevin: Oh, and you can start fixing, actually fixing up the town finally, you can start repairing older buildings and certain locations out in the woods, start having purpose and whatnot.
Kevin: Um, uh, there's also a trio of new characters who joined the town.
Kevin: Um, they are involved with the plotline, as you help them either open their business, new businesses in town, or you kind of shut them down so you can keep your monopoly going.
Kevin: Um, But here's the thing with all these new areas you can expand and rebuild and renovate.
Kevin: Uh, and this is in my opinion, the weakest part, not just in this update, but probably the whole game.
Kevin: There is a new resource system.
Kevin: Um, uh, before the gameplay.
Kevin: was pretty much focussed inside running the store.
Kevin: Um setting up your shop and checking out customers, all that stuff.
Kevin: And that's still, you know, one of the primary elements of the game play.
Kevin: Um, but now these, uh, other areas you need to find resources, wood, metal, and electronics.
Kevin: And here's the problem that sucks.
Kevin: It's just random spawns every day.
Kevin: Here's some pieces of wood that's spun in this area, go to near the mine to find some metal, electronic spawn over here.
Kevin: Um, and the problem is it's very limited in what's spawning.
Kevin: Um, and so this is what big part of why I haven't hit credits because it takes a while to unlock the next renovation or the next uh, upgrade to a shop or or or help out one of these store owners. Um, uh, for instance, I only have one of the new store owners up and running because I just don't have the resources.
Kevin: Um, for reference, uh, there's one project that requires 260 metal.
Kevin: I think it was something like that.
Kevin: I currently have like 60 metal.
Kevin: And I just can only get 10 to 20 a day from the Rams spons.
Al: Wow.
Kevin: Um, you can buy some resources, but it's pretty expensive.
Kevin: There's a guy who'll sell you 50 pieces of metal for 5000 coins, which for reference, uh, one of the last missions in the base game requires you to save up 9000 coins.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: Yeah, so there's no easy way of getting these resources.
Al: Okay.
Kevin: So it's it's really kind of a time grind.
Kevin: Just, you know, go through the day.
Kevin: run your shop and you get money that way, of course, and you, and I'll go into detail in the upgrades there, but, um, you get, you know, kind of keep your shop afloat, run getting profits and whatnot.
Kevin: And then in the periods after.
Kevin: Well, yeah, okay, go out to the woods, gather your resources for the day.
Kevin: And uh, hope you, you know, get some decent spawns or whatever.
Kevin: But, It's it's kind of a waiting game.
Kevin: I haven't been able to find a fast trek to, you know, start pumping out more metal or electronics or whatever.
Kevin: Um, and now, again, I, I'll be asterisk.
Kevin: I haven't finished it, so maybe there's some stuff that unlocks later that helps, but I haven't seen anything online.
Kevin: I haven't found anything in game.
Kevin: Um, and it's kind of a bummer that, uh, that's why I haven't even been able to fully talk about the game because I just hit this kind of slog.
Kevin: Um, I still enjoy the game overall, but um, it, it just pacing is really weird because base discounting, I think the pacing was pretty good.
Kevin: Um, story wise and gameplay wise, like it all went hand in hand and it was and felt very intuitive and it didn't feel like I got stuck at any point really.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, but yeah, so that's kind of a shame.
Kevin: Also, because they're adding all this new stuff, you start to see a few weaknesses in the base game, like a lot of the tutorials.
Kevin: You can't access them.
Kevin: And I forgot some mechanics or I missed something on these new resources.
Kevin: And then, oh, okay, what am I supposed to do?
Kevin: I have to go online and figure out what I'm missing.
Kevin: Um, so that's a shame.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, yeah, so that, that, and uh, I mentioned this last week, but going back into the game, you're just kind of thrown into the deep end, because you know, you're a late game, and you have to remember how to run your store and do everything.
Kevin: Um, But again, there's no pictorials or library that you can access to all the mechanics, how to do it.
Kevin: Um, so that's kind of a shame.
Kevin: They probably should have introduced something like that for this update.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, but yeah, um, I guess I'm going to talk about the store a little bit.
Kevin: So yeah, the store runs the same.
Kevin: Where you set up all your inventory out, all your shelves, and then people come in, they pick up their items, and then you check them out at the, I think I register.
Kevin: Um, And I talked about that, how there are upgrades to help with that.
Kevin: There's a scanner that makes it way better and they kind of did an accessibility thing where you can just have it on all the time.
Kevin: Um, and that's great.
Kevin: Um, and so they've, uh, yeah, they tried, they tried spicing up the, the, the actual shop gameplay a little bit with a few different things.
Kevin: Uh, 1st of all, obviously a whole bunch of new inventory added, um, that you can start talking and selling more, um, which is, you know, in my opinion, that's what I like, the, the, kind of the puzzle of how am I going to set it all up?
Kevin: Um, how much of each do I carry? Because, you know, the more inventory you carry, that's more you have to manage.
Kevin: Um, but then they do a few different things too.
Kevin: Like, for instance, now they are random events in the in the shopping gameplay.
Kevin: For instance, it might be a rainy day.
Kevin: Uh, so customers who come in, we'll start tracking more mud, which you have to clean up um, using uh, like a little sponge?
Kevin: I was already an existing mechanic, but it's just happening more frequently and it interferes with the, uh, the customers walking around if you don't do it.
Kevin: Um, there might be days where there is a hot item where they're going to start trying to buy a lot more of a certain item.
Kevin: Uh, there are days where the scanner will break down.
Kevin: Um, when the, the update 1st dropped.
Kevin: That was for the whole day, which is kind of wild, they take away your automation, but I can see the appeal, but they felt it was little heavy handed, so, uh, they've already done one uh, patch since then and they, they knocked it down to, I think, it's just like a, only a few orders where it's down.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: But anyways, just random little uh, chaotic elements like that to make the, a little less monotonous, and I appreciate it.
Kevin: Um, uh, they also did online orders, which I have not unlocked yet.
Kevin: that's a feature I've been working to try to get to.
Kevin: But that's, uh, that will be interesting to see because I think that will actually add to the to the gate shopping gameplay.
Kevin: Um, and then there's, uh, rejoice out.
Kevin: the self-checkout system so you don't even have to scan it for people.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Yes, so tell me, tell me, is that something you're having to unlock?
Al: That was what we expect.
Kevin: It is something you have to.
Kevin: It is something you have to unlock that is correct.
Kevin: Um, and I haven't done it myself.
Kevin: I haven't found it, to be honest.
Kevin: Um, or if I did, I can't remember, but, uh, it's, um, uh, yeah, I, I'm sure it is very helpful to have that because the, kind of the checkout thing is almost the primary gameplay really during the shopping hours.
Al: Shocking.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Yeah, I get that.
Al: But this is but this is the thing, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Like that's, that's always what put, what has put me off from it, you know?
Kevin: Yeah, no, I don't blame you.
Kevin: Um, it's, you'll hate it or you love it.
Kevin: That's what it is.
Kevin: Um, uh, but yeah, so that's uh, excuse me.
Kevin: Um, uh, yeah, that's uh, so that's that's kind of the updates to the shopping experience.
Kevin: I, again, with all these resources being added and a lot of progression kind of being slowed down, like I haven't unlocked a lot of it.
Kevin: Also just, you know, as I said, I've been working like crazy.
Kevin: I haven't had time to really dig into a lot of these or sync.
Kevin: I have some, sometime.
Kevin: I've done at least, I don't know, 10 hours or so since, uh, since I picked up the update.
Kevin: Um, so I've put a good amount of time.
Al: So 10 hours or so and you were, you were pretty much finished the game before the update came out.
Al: And you are a fraction of the way towards being able to get the final stuff.
Kevin: That is correct, yes.
Kevin: And the original.
Kevin: Yeah, that's correct.
Al: That's that that feels very imbalanced.
Kevin: Uh.
Kevin: Let me see, I could be.
Kevin: It does.
Kevin: Let me, let me, you know what?
Kevin: Let me check the actual time because I could be dead wrong.
Kevin: I mean, yeah, okay.
Kevin: No, okay, 10 hours is a bit much, but at least from what I recall, when I finished the game, I was about 15, 16 hours.
Kevin: Right now, playtime says about 22 hours.
Kevin: So five, 6 hours.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Yeah, I mean, when you if you think about that compared to like your original playtime, like that doesn't that feels like a lot.
Kevin: It is.
Kevin: Yeah, that's a that's a thing, right?
Kevin: When I played the game originally, the base game, like I was, when I saw, you know, sat down for a good hour or a good session, I would make progress.
Kevin: Like you could very much feel it.
Kevin: Um, but you just really slugging slowing down.
Kevin: Um, and I don't know if that was kind of there, like how they want kind of time or or I'm just missing something.
Kevin: I don't know, but it's not as smooth as the 1st uh, as the base game, which is kind of a shame.
Kevin: Um, yeah, it's definitely the biggest problem of like the game so far, um, or the, this update specifically.
Kevin: Like, the base game.
Kevin: I think is still just fine.
Kevin: And I still recommend this game to anyone.
Kevin: It's, uh, fairly affordable.
Kevin: Um, um, and and it's it's a solid game.
Kevin: Um, and they, they, like I said, they already put out a patch to smooth out some of, of the, uh, issues that were popping up and I'm sure they will continue to improve.
Kevin: Um, But uh, we'll uh, I'll have to see.
Kevin: I am still intending to take credits.
Kevin: Um, uh, but, uh, yeah, I'm curious to see if things pick up.
Kevin: Well, for instance, I've just restored the mine.
Kevin: So I don't know if that will spawn out more metal or not.
Kevin: Um, but yeah, we'll see.
Kevin: Um, I uh, sorry, give me 12nd.
Kevin: I'm just reading over some of the patch notes here.
Kevin: Um, they, uh, yeah, I mean, they've already reduced some of the costs from uh, fixing up some stuff and whatnot.
Kevin: And and just some quality of life stuff. And I think they could use another round of that, but, uh, I know, I'm still enjoying the game overall.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I won't like, but it's just interesting that from a game that was pretty solid, start with, they did a big update, introduced frustrations, like more, uh, as much game, maybe not as much as the gameplay updates, but, um, when I had very few complaints at the base one now, now there's some gameplay, frustration is very kind of strange.
Kevin: Um, but yeah, that's um, that's kind of where I am so far.
Kevin: Like I said, I might be speaking prematurely.
Kevin: Um, but time wise, again, 5 hours in when the original run took me 15 hours.
Kevin: I really think I should be farther ahead, no?
Kevin: But, uh,
Al: Yeah, I think so.
Al: But.
Al: Is that is that causing you less enjoyment of the game, do you think?
Kevin: It's not, yeah.
Kevin: I'm not going to say less enjoyment.
Kevin: Like it certainly didn't take away from the base game experience.
Kevin: Um, I, if anything, I just, the frustration is I can't get to experience the game because I know what's there is good.
Kevin: Like, I haven't been able to enjoy these new uh, characters as much.
Kevin: Like, I help one lady.
Kevin: She now runs a health shop, you know, selling kale and whatnot.
Kevin: And and introduces more inventory for you.
Kevin: Um, and I want to experience that with the other characters.
Kevin: One of them is actually Tammy's estranged brother who just moved into town which will be fun to work with.
Kevin: Um, so yeah, I just, I want to get through the game faster, like that's my biggest complaint, I guess.
Al: Huh.
Kevin: Um, Yeah, so I don't know.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: We'll see.
Kevin: I'm probably gonna have to do at least some sort of section later for a follow up when I finally hit credits.
Kevin: Um, on this update, but, uh, it's it's still fun.
Kevin: It's still enjoyable.
Kevin: Um, I'm trying to think what else I want to add.
Kevin: Um, Like, I know it didn't go super deep in the store or whatnot, but it's, it's still, it's, it's nothing super crazy aside from, uh, did I mention the, the, the protest last time? Did I talk about that with you?
Kevin: The protest?
Al: I don't remember.
Kevin: Okay, well, um, the story has a few fun beats.
Kevin: Like I said, there's this big sort of, one of the running themes is keeping the town small versus expanding the, you know, your business.
Kevin: Um, at one point, there's a, there's a basically a historic landmark uh, uh, like the town's found or their house is right next to your store.
Kevin: Um, and at one point in the store, you're the aunt, uh, who owns the store again.
Kevin: She, the one who makes these decisions.
Kevin: She wants to basically buy that property, tear it down and expand the story even further.
Kevin: And so that causes some big unrest in your town in the town and there's some protests outside your store.
Kevin: Um, which was kind of fun to see.
Kevin: Um, again, in many ways, you kind of are running the Jojo Mart, and so you have a chance to make it a little more ethical than that, but, um, uh, so that is that is kind of fun to see.
Kevin: Um, to see, again, some opposition and how you deal with it.
Kevin: Um, and and hopefully we'll see more of that from this expansion later on.
Kevin: Um, but I'm just, I'm just not there because I, I gotta, I don't have enough metal just legitimately.
Kevin: I don't have enough metal pieces, um, to restore everything, so we'll see.
Kevin: Um, I don't know if I, yeah, I feel like I'm missing something.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I don't know what it is, and I think that's actually a big problem from the update.
Kevin: They added so much stuff, but they don't guide you to it.
Kevin: Um, like, for instance, to figure out where to go to pick up the different resources.
Kevin: They kind of just have to wander around and happen to run into certain areas.
Kevin: There's no indicator to say, hey, go here and you'll learn more about how to find X resource.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: So I think that's another big issue that they need to fix in this chapter 4 stuff.
Kevin: But uh, but we'll see.
Kevin: they're working on it.
Kevin: I still have faith in it.
Kevin: Um, yeah, and I'm still happy overall.
Kevin: I still recommend it.
Kevin: Um,
Al: Well, that's, I mean, that's that's the main thing, right?
Al: as long as you're still enjoying it, even if, you know, some games have grinding for things, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like that's just, that's just how games have.
Al: And yeah, I do think the most games would be better without it, but sometimes they have it and that's life.
Al: And as long as the core gameplay you're still enjoying, you know, like if we if we think about like Pokemon, the grinding they've gotten rid of has been the not fun grinding, right?
Kevin: Yep.
Al: They're like just going through the grass and and tearing down pidgy, right?
Al: Like that was never fun, in my opinion.
Al: And so they added stuff that would mean you didn't have to do that.
Al: But if you're enjoying the core gameplay, then what's the problem with some grinding?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, no, you're right.
Kevin: You're right about that.
Kevin: Um, I, I guess like I, yeah, you're right about that.
Kevin: It's a, it's not even the grinding, just, it's all time based.
Kevin: I guess that's, it's, well, I guess you could argue all grinding is time based really, but, um, It's very passive.
Kevin: Let's say that, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: At least with Pokemon, the grinding is active to some degree, right?
Al: No, I don't think that's a positive for on Pokemon's end.
Al: I think that's a negative.
Kevin: Well, mm, to, man.
Al: Like if I'm playing the game and having fun and passively grinding, that is much better than like, I am going out to go and grind a 100 Pokemon.
Al: That's not fun.
Kevin: Oh, wow.
Kevin: Uh, I, I guess the, uh, okay.
Kevin: Yeah, that's that's a whole episode topic, I guess.
Kevin: What kind of grinding is the best.
Kevin: Um, but, um, that's roughly everything I've got to say on discounty right now.
Al: Cool.
Kevin: It's a little premature.
Kevin: The idea was to take credits for this, unfortunately, I wasn't able to, but, um,
Al: We can't keep delaying episodes forever Kevin.
Kevin: Yeah, it's fine.
Al: I mean, I think I think if you end up having something interesting to say after you've finished it, nothing says we can't do another episode.
Kevin: It's fine.
Kevin: Uh
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, there you go.
Al: We'll just, we'll see how you feel after you've finished it.
Al: You know, you've had interesting stuff to say.
Al: It's it's progressed more.
Al: It's added to the game.
Al: It's still enjoyable.
Al: Those are all good things for people who've been interested in the game.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Yep. Yep.
Al: Okay, last question, just before we finish.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: I know I just said I need to finish, but let me just do this. Last one question.
Al: Game didn't feel complete after the previous one.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I know you're not going to be able to answer the question as to whether it feels complete now.
Kevin: Yes.
Al: I'm not going to ask you that.
Al: Do you feel like it should be an early access up to this point?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Mm, I have, nah, I'm gonna say nah, nah, because, because, like, what wasn't there was mostly, let's say flavour wise, like a story ending early, but the gameplay itself, the mechanics, everything was fine.
Al: Sorry.
Al: Okay.
Kevin: Everything was work great.
Kevin: Like, when I think early access, like I think of, what was the game we talked about, they didn't have chickens and cows, like missing really fundamental gameplay stuff.
Al: Yes, of course, of course.
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: But so I guess the question is, the story felt unfinished, but did it feel complete?
Al: Like those are 2 different things, right?
Al: Like, did it feel like it was telling a story, but then you just wanted more?
Kevin: Okay.
Al: Does it feel more like a sequel than it does just finishing the existing story?
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: I probably have to bit a little further into fully answer that, but what was there when you hit the ending of chapter 3?
Kevin: It was maybe not the best ending.
Kevin: It wasn't ending, though.
Kevin: Like the execution was a little sloppy, but I think they set that out to do.
Kevin: It just, yeah.
Kevin: Uh, I think it was completely, like, I, I don't think, I hold it against them calling it one.
Kevin: when they dropped it.
Kevin: Like, it did feel like a complete game.
Al: Okay.
Al: All right, fair enough.
Kevin: I'll say that.
Al: All right, well, tune in next time.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Well, not next time, but tune in some other time when we're gonna uh, maybe talk about the final, if there's anything interesting talk about final, the final story.
Al: Thank you, Kevin, for joining me to talk about Discounty again.
Kevin: Thank you, Al for having me on.
Al: Is there anything you would like to share with the audience?
Kevin: Uh, not much.
Kevin: I'm Cooper Pres, whatever, if you care, but I'm more interested in telling them about the show, Al. Tell them more to find.
Al: You can find the podcast on Tumblr and on Blue Sky at THS Pod, you can send us feedback from our website, haverseason.club.
Al: Tell us what you think about early access saves not being compatible with one.
Al: Oh.
Al: Tell me why you disagree with me because I bet a lot...
Kevin: Oh, I want to hear that.
Kevin: Who would disagree with that?
Al: Also on the website, you can find links to everything to do with the podcast, including a Patreon, patreon.com slash DHS pod, where you can support the podcast, get access to our Slack and get access to our bonus podcasts.
Al: I haven't released the one about the Nintendo direct yet because I forgot to edit it this week, but I will edit it next week and it should be out very soon.
Kevin: Oh yeah.
Kevin: That's fine.
Kevin: I like Nintendo.
Kevin: Happy Starfalk, everyone.
Al: All right, thank you.
Al: Thank you, Kevin, again for joining me.
Al: Thank you listeners for listening.
Kevin: Yeah. Have a good harvest.
Al: And until next time, have a good harvest.
Kevin: Bye-bye.
Theme Tune: The harvest season is created by Al McKinley with support from our patrons, including our pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Elisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed in this episode.
Al: Sorry for rushing that.
Al: I'm absolutely desperate for the toilet.
Kevin: Nope, you gotta go.